Inital draft of hub documentation with examples (#166)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/hub/pages/hub-api-installation.adoc

[[hub-api-installation]]
= Hub XMRPC API Installation

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Install the package hub-xmlrpc-api, available from SUSE Manager 4.1 and Uyuni repos, either on the Hub itself or on a host that has access to all Servers' XMLRPC APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the `hub-xmlrpc-api` package, which is available from {productname} repositories, either on the Hub itself or on a host that has access to all Servers' XMLRPC APIs.
```

> Configuration of `hub-xmlrpc-api` is specified in a JSON file like the following:

Reviewer: Are there defaults for the values below? Ie. will it work if I set nothing at all?

[source,json]
----
{
   "type": "json",
    "hub": {
       "manager_api_url": "http://localhost/rpc/api"
   },

>     "connect_timeout": 10,

Reviewer 2: I know it's quite intuitive, but shouldn't we add a small explanation of the timeouts anyway?

Author: Yeah, we should.  :+1:
